Preparing for release 1.6.0 (#143)
nf-core/mhcquant: README.md

## Documentation

> The nf-core/mhcquant pipeline comes with documentation about the pipeline which you can read at [https://nf-core/mhcquant/docs](https://nf-core/mhcquant/docs) or find in the [`docs/` directory](docs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nf-core/mhcquant pipeline comes with documentation about the pipeline which you can read at [https://nf-core.re/mhcquant](https://nf-core/mhcquant).
```
